The Gaming Room client wanted to explore options regarding achieving a level of success in distribution to their gaming applications to other operating platforms, while staying a considerable budget. The client requested software that can demonstrate a success of adaptability, scalability, and compatibility for a wide range of Operating Platforms while ensuring a great amount of foot traffic & support in gaming features. The development of the documentation was all about keyable information from the introductory of the client, the successful part of my contribution was identifying the key parts of the client’s request such as the budget and objectives. Used my experience as a consumer what will assist the customer (client) in taking their project to the level. The process through the design documentation was just as hard then it was simple from first eye. What became the most difficult template at the beginning, has now become one of the most important templates I need to assist in developing my code. The most helpful part of the documentation was the individual parts to fill out, continuing to develop the knowledge in each one. Using the design template for the UML diagram as a guidance for the design behind the code, although it was not perfect, finding the key words and where to put them took a lot of patience and time. If I could revise any part of my work, it would be my layout of the requirements the client was looking for and the executive summary as well. I believe both parts are partially correct, but the wording is not there. I solely believe getting to the point when presenting opinions and responding to recommendations. If I can, in the future, investigate, reconnect with what the company is and where they want to be in the future, pointing out the end goal.  Executive summary should be about the start of the contribution, the objective, and end goal.  For the second part of my revision, requirement summary should also outline the client needs and what is needed for that specific requirement. 
The user’s needs and implementation they are looking for are all about reading and interpretation.  When designing software for someone, it’s important to understand what they want vs what they need. Revising objectives behind their reasoning for exploring options and wanting to expand their vision from just one OPs vs other OPs. What do you need from me? If applicable, who are you trying to reach? What does this vision look like, in relation to expansion?  What type of features were you looking to include or update?  Research will be someone’s best friend if they are not equipped (knowledge or experience) to start a software development design. My strategy for this all is RESEARCH and a village. My techniques come from experience; strategies come from peers (village). For future use, I plan on utilizing my resources from past projects and peers I meet along the way. Understanding my trials and errors from past to current projects and smaller assignments, I believe in continuing my journey through inquiring and asking questions will give me the opportunity to create my techniques and master them.

